Docs: Article for GitOps mode (#27414)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/gitops-mode.md

# GitOps mode

> The Fleet UI now supports GitOps mode, which helps users avoid unexpected changes when using GitOps
> to configure Fleet by preventing users from manually updating
> GitOps-configurable settings and features in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitOps mode in Fleet helps users avoid unexpected changes by preventing users from manually updating configuration in the UI.
```

Thoughts on shorter language here?

> For example, if a user uses the UI to add
> a new saved query and then runs GitOps, the manual change will be overwritten by the GitOps
> configuration. To help avoid this potentially confusing situation, GitOps mode prevents the user
> from manually saving or editing the query in the first place (though does still allow running an ad-hoc live query):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a user in the Fleet UI adds a query and then GitOps runs, the query will be deleted. GitOps helps avoid this by presenting the user from saving or editing the query in the first place (though does still allow running an ad-hoc live query):
```

What do you think? Also trying to cut down on words here.

Author: Much better

![](../website/assets/images/articles/gitops-mode-disables-saving-queries.png)

> ## Enabling GitOps mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling
```

Re shorter headers: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/27414/files#r2008332045

To turn GitOps mode on or off, navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Change management**:

![](../website/assets/images/articles/enabling-gitops-mode.gif)

## What it covers

GitOps mode prevents the UI user from editing [GitOps-configurable settings and
features](https://fleetdm.com/docs/configuration/yaml-files). They will still be able to, for example:
- Read any data presented in the UI
- Add and edit users
- Add and edit labels
- Run live queries

> ## More on GitOps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More
```

Maybe "More" works? Shorter headers are nice
